Transl2engl (#144)
europace/baufismart-antraege-api: README.md

# Anträge API

> As loan Provider get all the data of your applications for high effective validations and approvals. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a loan provider get all the data of your applications for highly effective validations and approvals. 
```
